Date: January 29th, 10 am to 12pm
This was the first meeting where most of the team were present. And informal meeting took place beforehand, but a majority of the team was unable to attend and, consequently, no decisions were taken.

The goal of the meeting was to develop some familiarity amongst the team members. Introductions were necessary. 

First part of this meeting was focused on the clarification of the project, followed by a discussion on the member’s preferred roles. 

We decided that these roles should not be considered as absolute, on the basis that we want to offer team members the flexibility to work on multiple facets of the project.

Here are the team members the were present,  with their student IDs, github usernames, and their preferred roles for the project.
Louis Huynh, 4021274, Wandering-Fool: Database / back-end
Tatiana Blogu, 40172342, tati-b: UI/UX and testing
Paul Humennyj 40209588, PaulYH : Front end, submission review and user stories
Nicolas Beaudin Pearson, 40096610. Patacorn: Project management (meeting organization and meeting minutes), Back-End and testing
Alexis Bernier 40208693 Alexis07Bernier: Project management, Front-end and testing

Additionally, an additional member of the team could not be present.
Mina Wahba, 40190793, Monat555: Back-end, QA (attributed by team members, based off of the distribution of the other members)

It was noted that communication will be paramount. Emphasis was placed on the fact that development of the individual parts (mainly Front-End and Back-End) will have to be developped in tadem by the members, with regular communication between them.

Cross-disciplinary design (template structure for front-end to back-end functionality, for example) will also have to be well defined in subsequent meetings.

The github repository was set up before the meeting, members were added at the start of the meeting. 

Following this, the key goals for the first sprint were addressed. This had to do with the required user stories, the creation of the main ReadMe file, and discussion on the project approach and technology.

Project work and meeting schedule was discussed. The suggestion for weekly, regular work periods and meetings was proposed, no definite decisions were taken but regular work and communication was agreed upon.

Regarding the decision on which specific technologies will be used in the project, no definitive decision was taken. More research needs to be done; several members are new to the technologies of their respective tasks. The team will need to talk with the TA and professor on the existence of specific requirements for the final project.

Following this, we started discussing the necessary work for the end of the sprint, and planning the next sprint. Task breakdown was hard to define, as many elements of the work still need to be figured out by their respective shareholders. 

A meeting in the coming days, following the planned meeting with the TA was agreed upon.

Once any requirements are better understood and defined, concrete design work will be able to commence.

The relevant documents for this meeting exist in the form of the updated ReadMe, user stories and these meeting minutes that are all available in the project’s GitHub repository.



Discord Meeting: 1/29/2023 (~2h)

- General discussion with the team
- Further distributed the work load
- Made sure everyone is up to date on what they have to do for sprint 1
- Pointed out issues with the Meeting File and what to change